report.md, before:

# Way of Working

After this additional period of work, we as a group assess that we are in the **“In Place”** state of way-of-working. After iterating on our way of working from the previous assignment, we established a much clearer set of guideline for our workflow. This has allowed us all to work more in unison as a team, allowing us to focus on indivivual work while trusting that our team members know their tasks and how to do them.

The context of the work has remained unchanged, where we work **asynchronously** using **Git** and **Discord** as our main communication channels. Our team members have different availability, so we continue to coordinate our work accordingly.

Since the last assignment, we have established principles additional such as:
- **Name convention for issues and pull requests** with clear tags and header structure.
- **Using pull requests and branches correctly** and always linking pull requests to the appropriate issue.
- **Established a more consistent practice** where we all follow the same workflow of assigning issues, committing, reviewing and merging.
- **Correctly use commit descriptions** to document the changes and link to issues.
- **Agreed on a code structure** which we all follow, such as function naming and commenting, to ensure consistant code readability.

## Next Steps

To reach the next stage, we need to:
1. **Continuing to iterate on our Git-oriented template**    
   - Define clearer practice for reviewing and closing issues, to make each members individual role more clear in terms of closing issues and merging.

2. **Hold more regular meetings**  
   - Be more consistant at setting specific meeting times in advance instead of discussing potential meetings.

Commit message:

doc: add essence assessment Closes issue #81

report.md, after:

# Team
We as group asses we are in the “Performing” state of way-of-working. We all have a clear understanding of who we are, what skills the team possess, and how we communicate. This became established already in assignment 1. We have understood our equal responsibilities in contributing roughly equal amount because we are using a flat structure without an official leader. We communicate openly on discord for team-cohesion and uses GitHub issues/comments for more technical issues. Trust has been established by seeing the effort each person has made in assignment 1 and 2. This has been further reinforced when people have shown to own up and correct mistakes (such as reverting commits made directly to main). Even though it's hard to tell this early on, the team seems to fulfill all the checkboxes in “Performing” as well where we are adapting and trying to minimize wasted work. 

## Next steps
Improvements can of course be made in most areas, but particularly by implementing a more structured way of dividing up the work. This would hopefully make the responsibilities more clear, make members more efficient by specializing in certain areas, and prevent waste by multiple people working on the same problems. Another improvement could be the pull-request/approve merge process, as it has been slowing down the act of quick-fixes. One way of doing this is allowing self-approval if it's for fixing small bugs that hinders execution.
